Add support for multiple gloo namespaces in one External DNS instance (#3480)
kubernetes-sigs/external-dns: docs/tutorials/gloo-proxy.md

        image: registry.k8s.io/external-dns/external-dns:v0.13.5
        args:
        - --source=gloo-proxy

>         - --gloo-namespace=custom-gloo-system # comma separated gloo system namespace list. Omit to use the default (gloo-system)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - --gloo-namespace=custom-gloo-system # gloo system namespace. Specify multiple times for multiple namespaces. Omit to use the default (gloo-system)
```

Reviewer: There's another one around line 96.
